the audience ask why reactor style this
is why I love being a reactor we get to
have fun like this but you be hurry
Quinn won't you be better have some
popular reactor chick as who is that
yeah whatever it's cool I'm glad I'm
cooling cool but the angry grandpa
doesn't make sense I don't give a damn
angry grandpa
the snake is too good why you get the
biggest reactors eating like oh I know
what you're trying to say no sir no
thank you
cookies isn't yeah I didn't make him
cookies he was like I'm so Jonas now
who is that
wait is that I think did you do
mumbo-jumbo like that that's all
the night yes you know he does he looks
like a like a like we'll see that's like
Will Smith a little bit you already know
who they're gonna make Joker yeah we
already know who's gonna be Joker
yo
oh my god who's it jg Veronica okay I
don't know most you guys but I know nerd
Mariah and chainsaw bullshit he's
talking oh he's actually talking yo yo
this is serious
memorized
oh my gosh
you know
you know they say that the crazy ones
yep
who woulda guessed no Tyrone you get all
the good rolls
oh my god wake up in the middle of dice
you're a doc you don't bust open this me
there now we're gonna make a sandwich
I'm not gonna kill you I'm just gonna
roast you really really bad
that was a shout-out to Dante so anyways
guys that was pretty funny I love these
I love it when I'm in it I hate it like
I'm big enough to be in these parodies
but I'm not big enough for other
reactors to acknowledge me like it
pisses me off
you like my don't boil I just like other
reactors to know who I am
fuck you that's why you get you don't
get to be in one of these alright
I'm not gonna say the word sidekick I
know you're probably saying it you fuck
you anyways but it's that kiss oh my
gosh anyways yes that was pretty
entertaining I hope to see you guys in
the next video just move this damn
thermoses Oh